**question** How do I create an alias in Git for the `status` command as `s`?
[ ] `git alias s 'status'`
[ ] `git create alias s 'status'`
[x] `git config --global alias.s 'status'`
[ ] `git set alias 's=status'`

**question** Which Git command allows you to configure an alias to view commit history graphically?
[ ] `git config --global alias.logg 'log --graph'`
[x] `git config --global alias.lg 'log --graph --oneline --decorate --all'`
[ ] `git config --global alias.gl 'log --graph'`
[ ] `git config --set alias.lg 'log --graph'`

**question** If you have set up an alias `ac` to aggregate all changes and commit, what is the correct way to use it with the "Important Update" message?
[ ] `git ac 'Major update'`
[x] `git ac "Major update"`
[ ] `git commit ac 'Major update'`
[ ] `git 'Major update' ac`

**question** What file is modified when setting a global alias in Git?
[ ] `.git/alias`
[ ] `.gitconfig/alias`
[x] `.gitconfig`
[ ] `.git/hooks`

**question** What is the main purpose of setting up aliases in Git?
[ ] Change the default functionality of Git commands.
[ ] Allow the creation of new Git commands that do not exist.
[x] Simplify and customize the use of common Git commands to increase efficiency.
[ ] Restrict the use of certain Git commands for security reasons.

**question** How do I create an alias in Git for the `status` command that can be invoked by `git s`?
[ ] `git alias s 'status'`
[x] `git config --global alias.s 'status'`
[ ] `git set alias 's=status'`
[ ] `git create alias s=status`

**question** What is the main purpose of setting up aliases in Git?
[ ] Increase the difficulty of using Git
[x] Improve efficiency and speed when using common commands
[ ] Change the default Git commands to completely different ones
[ ] Limit the Git commands available to the user

**question** If you want to configure an alias called `lg` for the `log --graph --oneline --decorate --all` command, what would be the correct command?
[ ] `git config --global alias.lg 'log --graph --oneline --decorate --all'`
[x] `git config --global alias.lg 'log --graph --oneline --decorate --all'`
[ ] `git alias --global lg 'log --graph --oneline --decorate --all'`
[ ] `git set --global alias 'lg=log --graph --oneline --decorate --all'`

**question** What happens if you try to use a Git alias that has not been previously configured?
[ ] Git will execute the command that best matches the alias
[ ] Git will show a list of possible commands you wanted to use
[x] Git will return an error message stating that the command is unknown
[ ] Git will open the help documentation for that command

**question** Is it possible to delete an alias in Git once it has been configured?
[ ] No, once an alias is configured it remains permanently
[x] Yes, removing the corresponding entry from the Git configuration file
[ ] Yes, using the `git alias delete` command
[ ] No, but you can change the command that the alias points to