**question** What is `git reflog`?
[ ] A tool to change the message of the latest commits.
[ ] A command to revert changes to specific files.
[x] A record of all actions that modify branch tips or HEAD in a local repository.
[ ] A Git function to merge multiple branches simultaneously.

**question** Which of the following situations is ideal for using `git reflog`?
[ ] To merge two branches without creating a merge commit.
[ ] To change the author of a previous commit.
[x] To recover a commit that was accidentally deleted by a `git reset --hard`.
[ ] To publish all local commits to the remote repository.

**question** After running a `git reset --hard HEAD~3` and losing some important commits, how can you recover the last lost commit using `git reflog`?
[ ] `git merge HEAD@{1}`
[x] `git reset --hard HEAD@{1}`
[ ] `git checkout HEAD@{1}`
[ ] `git rebase HEAD@{1}`

**question** What happens to unreferenced commits after recovering a previous state with `git reflog`?
[ ] Moved to a special branch for orphaned commits.
[ ] They are automatically sent to the remote repository for secure storage.
[x] They remain in the local repository for a while until Git deletes them to free up space.
[ ] They are converted into tags to facilitate later recovery.

**question** If you have made several changes to your repository and want to see a log of your movements to identify a specific point you want to return to, which of the following commands should you use?
[ ] `git log --oneline`
[ ] `git status`
[x] `git reflog`
[ ] `git show-branch`