**question** What is GPG signing used for in Git?
[ ] To encrypt the repository files and keep them secure.
[ ] To verify the identity of the user pushing to the remote repository.
[x] To ensure the authenticity and integrity of commits and tags, demonstrating that they really come from a specific user and have not been altered.
[ ] To block access to the repository to unauthorized users.

**question** Before signing a commit with GPG, what do you need to generate first?
[ ] A personal Git access token.
[ ] An SSH password.
[x] A pair of GPG keys, one private and one public.
[ ] An API key for your GitHub or GitLab account.

**question** What command is used to configure Git with your GPG key to sign commits?
[ ] `git --gpg-sign <key ID>`
[ ] `git config --global commit.gpgsign <key ID>`
[x] `git config --global user.signingkey <key ID>`
[ ] `git configure --gpg <key ID>`

**question** Which of the following commands is used to sign a tag with GPG in Git?
[ ] `git tag -a v1.0 -m "My signed tag" --sign`
[ ] `git tag v1.0 -m "My signed tag" -gpgsign`
[x] `git tag -s v1.0 -m "My signed tag"`
[ ] `git tag --gpg -m "My signed tag" v1.0`

**question** When setting security policies on a Git project, which of the following is not a recommended practice?
[ ] Require code reviews before merging changes.
[ ] Configure branch protections to avoid direct pushes to important branches.
[x] Allow all collaborators to force push (`git push --force`) to shared branches.
[ ] Use two-factor authentication (2FA) for user accounts on repository hosting platforms.
